Add Elastic Agent 8.19.15 release notes (#13858)
elastic/elastic-agent: changelog/8.19.15.asciidoc

// begin 8.19.15 relnotes

[[release-notes-8.19.15]]
==  8.19.15

Review important information about the  8.19.15 release.

[discrete]
[[security-updates-8.19.15]]
=== Security updates

> * Strip Unit.Config from components diagnostic files to prevent secret leakage. https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/pull/13338[#13338]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Strip `Unit.Config` from components diagnostic files to prevent secret leakage. https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/pull/13338[#13338]
```

[discrete]
[[enhancements-8.19.15]]
=== Enhancements

* Update OTel components to v0.149.0. https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/pull/13601[#13601]

[discrete]
[[bug-fixes-8.19.15]]
=== Bug fixes

> * Persist logging level after agent restart. https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/pull/13289[#13289] 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Persist logging level across agent restarts after policy changes. https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/pull/13289[#13289] 
```

> * Fix clean stopping of beats on windows. https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/pull/13581[#13581]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix graceful shutdown of Beats processes on Windows when Elastic Agent runs as a service. https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/pull/13581[#13581]
```

> * Embedded otel extensions no longer overrides ones generated by inputs. https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/pull/13639[#13639]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix OpenTelemetry collector configuration to correctly merge user-defined extensions with automatically generated ones. https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/pull/13639[#13639]
```
